Add File source with SQS notifications (#5148)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/configuration/source-config.md

The source parameters indicate how to connect to a data store and are specific to the source type.

### File source

A file source reads data from files containing JSON objects separated by newlines (NDJSON). Gzip compression is supported provided that the file name ends with the `.gz` suffix.

#### Ingest a single file (CLI only)

To ingest a specific file, run the indexing directly in an adhoc CLI process with:

```bash
./quickwit tool local-ingest --index <index> --input-path <input-path>
```

Both local and object files are supported, provided that the environment is configured with the appropriate permissions. A tutorial is available [here](/docs/ingest-data/ingest-local-file.md).

#### Notification based file ingestion

> You can setup a source that uses notifications to continuously index new files. A complete tutorial can be found [here](/docs/ingest-data/sqs-files.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quickwit can automatically ingest all new files that are uploaded on a S3 bucket.
This requires creating and configuring a [SQS notification queue](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ways-to-add-notification-config-to-bucket.html).

A complete tutorial can be found [here](/docs/ingest-data/sqs-files.md).
```

Reviewer: (right now we only support S3, and I suspect some users are not aware of this SQS notification system)

> You can setup a source that uses notifications to continuously index new files. A complete tutorial can be found [here](/docs/ingest-data/sqs-files.md).

Reviewer: Can you mark the feature a beta in some way?

The `notifications` parameter takes an array of notification settings. Currently one notifier can be configured per source and only the SQS notification `type` is supported.

Required fields for the SQS `notifications` parameter items:
- `type`: `sqs`
- `queue_url`: complete URL of the SQS queue (e.g `https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789012/queue-name`)
- `message_type`: format of the message payload, either
  - `s3_notification`: an [S3 event notification](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/EventNotifications.html)
  - `raw_uri`: a message containing just the file object URI (e.g. `s3://mybucket/mykey`)

*Adding a file source with SQS notifications to an index with the [CLI](../reference/cli.md#source)*

```bash
cat << EOF > source-config.yaml
version: 0.8
source_id: my-sqs-file-source
source_type: file
num_pipelines: 2
params:
  notifications:
    - type: sqs
      queue_url: https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789012/queue-name
      message_type: s3_notification
EOF

> ./quickwit source create --index my-index --source-config source-config.yaml

Reviewer: can you add a disclaimer explaining that quickwit will NOT delete files after their indexing, and that this is the responsability of the user.
